What is a Microservice?
A microservice is a software development technique where an application is broken down into smaller, 
independent components that are loosely coupled and communicate with each other over a network. 
Each microservice is designed to perform a specific function, and can be developed, deployed, and scaled independently 
of the other components of the application. This approach allows for greater flexibility, scalability, and agility in 
software development, as well as easier maintenance and testing of individual components. Microservices are often used
in modern cloud-based architectures, where applications are built using a combination of different services.

What is  Monolith architecture?
Monolith architecture is the traditional software development approach in which an application is built as a single,
self-contained unit. All of the application's functionality, including the user interface, business logic,
and data storage, is tightly coupled and integrated into a single codebase

What is the difference between Monolith and Microservice?
1. Size and complexity: More in Monolithic and less in microservice.
2. Scalability: Monolithic are less scalable compared to microservice.
3. Development and deployment: Monolithic take more time to development and deployment compared to the microservice.
4. Fault tolerance: Any part of the monolithic architecture breakdown entire code base will breakdown but in microservice 
    as individual components can continue to function even if others are down.

Why do we need a useEffect Hook?
1. If we want to perform any APICall/operation on change of any local state variables these are useful.
2. It will call first time after rendering the page irrespective of change in local state variable, and from next it calls only on 
   update of local state variables passed in array and after updating(rendering) the component it calls the useEffect.
3. If you dont mention any local state variable, it will render only once.

What is Optional Chaining?
The optional chaining (?.) operator accesses an object's property or calls a function. If the object accessed or function 
called using this operator is undefined or null, the expression short circuits and evaluates to undefined instead of throwing
an error.

What is Shimmer UI?
A shimmer UI resembles the page's actual UI, so users will understand how quickly the web or mobile app will load even before
the content has shown up. It gives people an idea of what's about to come and what's happening (it's currently loading) when a
page full of content/data takes more than 3 - 5 seconds to load.


What is the difference between JS expression and JS statement?
    - Expressions can be simple or complex and can include operators, variables, and function calls
    - Statements, on the other hand, are larger units of code that perform an action, such as assigning a value to a variable,
      looping over an array.
    - expressions can be used within statements, but statements cannot be used within expressions

What is Conditional Rendering, explain with a code example?
    - As an Example of Conditional rendering, Suppose you are calling the asynchronous api call, it takes some time to retrieve 
      the data and update in the UI component.
    - In the mean while, we can call loader page or shimmerUI to render. Once after the API call receives the response 
      we will render the UI.
    - Even for simpler Example, we can say if length of array is 0 no elements else display size.
    return cards.length==0? <h1>No Elements Found...........</h1> : <h1>Size of array is {cards.length}</h1>

What is CORS?
    - CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing. It is a security feature implemented in modern web browsers that
     restricts web pages from making requests to a different domain than the one that served the web page. 
     This security feature is designed to prevent malicious websites from making requests to steal data or perform actions
      on behalf of the user without their knowledge.










